Scala3 Documentation (#3)
scalacenter/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/first-look-at-types.md

```scala
val b = BigInt(1234567890)   // scala.math.BigInt = 1234567890
val c = b + b                // scala.math.BigInt = 2469135780
val d = b * b                // scala.math.BigInt = 1524157875019052100
```

## Two notes about strings

Scala strings are similar to Java strings, but they have two great additional features:

- They support string interpolation
- It’s easy to create multiline strings

### String interpolation

String interpolation provides a very readable way to use variables inside strings. For instance, given these three variables:

```scala
val firstName = "John"
val mi = 'C'
val lastName = "Doe"
```

You can combine those variables in a string like this:

```scala
println(s"Name: $firstName $mi $lastName")   // "Name: John C Doe"
```

Just precede the string with the letter `s`, and then put a `$` symbol before your variable names inside the string.

To enclose expressions inside a string, put them in curly braces:

```scala
println(s"2 + 2 = ${2 + 2}")   // prints "2 + 2 = 4"
val x = -1
println(s"x.abs = ${x.abs}")   // prints "x.abs = 1"
```

#### Other interpolators

> The `s` that you place before the string is just one possible interpolator. If you use an `f` instead of an `s`, you can use `printf`-style formatting in the string. Furthermore, because `s` and `f` are really just methods, you can write your own interpolators, such as creating a `sql` interpolator for use in a database library. For more details, see this [String Interpolation page][interpolation].

Reviewer: I think this is a bit too optimistic because it is not so easy for a beginner to define its own string interpolator, and the `sql` example is really complicated.

```suggestion
The `s` that you place before the string is just one possible interpolator. If you use an `f` instead of an `s`, you can use `printf`-style formatting syntax in the string. Furthermore, a string interpolator is a just special method and it is possible to define your own. For instance, some database libraries define the very powerful `sql` interpolator.
```
